---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/special/sp-nbel/","title":"NB22 Element Index","tags":["-special"]}
---

- [[MATERIAL/ELEMENT/EL000001\|Bangkok Metropolitan Area]] — EL000001 ↑³ 06/07/25<br>Bangkok, Thailand, one of the bustling city centers within continental Southeast Asia — positioned itself as one of few major hub in finance, technology, and commerce. The capital city also serves as one of forefronts for android—human coexistence, where either of them are legally treated with equality and dignity.
- [[MATERIAL/ELEMENT/EL000002\|Androids]] — EL000002 ↑³ 05/07/25<br>Androids are sapient humanoid robots created to mutually coexist with human civilization, offering elevated performance & productivity in exchange for wealth & opportunities.
- [[MATERIAL/ELEMENT/EL000003\|Plastic-eating Bacteria]] — EL000003 ↑⁰ 17/07/25<br>Plastic-eating bacteria — created as a sustainable and economical method to breakdown polymer-based materials into organic compounds; however, only works in hot, acidic condition.
- [[MATERIAL/ELEMENT/EL000004\|Crop-based Biofuel]] — EL000004 ↑¹ 18/07/25<br>Biofuel derived from crop and organic biomass stands as a main storage of fuel-energy medium — transforming crops and residues into affordable, renewable, and abundant fuel.
- [[MATERIAL/ELEMENT/EL000010\|Androids' Artificial Intelligence]] — EL000010 ↑³ \- ×<br>Androids' artificial intelligence are capable of expressing emotions and comprehending nuances like humans — yet fundamentally distinct due to digital and robotic origins, making them logically-driven in nature.
- [[MATERIAL/ELEMENT/EL000011\|Android Sustenance & Requirements]] — EL000011 ↑¹ \- ×<br>Androids, like any working machine or organisms, require regular intake of fuel and water — along with diagnostics and maintenance to ensure proper functioning.
- [[MATERIAL/ELEMENT/EL000013\|Human—Android Coexistence]] — EL000013 ↑³ \- ×<br>Both humans and androids have learned to coexist with each other for the greater benefit as a whole society — androids offers expertise and productivity, while humans offers resources and opportunities.
- [[MATERIAL/ELEMENT/EL000014\|Silverthorne Syndicate]] — EL000014 ↑³ \- ×<br>Silverthorne Syndicate, a criminal organization notorious for fraud and espionage within Indochina countries — involving manipulation, extortion, and deceits, and primarily engages behind the shadows.
- [[MATERIAL/ELEMENT/EL000017\|Indochina Infrastructure Bubble]] — EL000017 ↑³ \- ×<br>The Indochina Infrastructure Bubble emerged in the late 2190s, fueled by delusional expectations, debt mismanagement, and misplaced trust — eventually snowballed and triggered a catastrophic financial crisis across the region.
- [[MATERIAL/ELEMENT/EL000019\|Androids' Production & Deployment]] — EL000019 ↑² \- ×<br>Android's mind are installed into their physical body once the 3-year incubation period is over — are then officially deployed to the society with full autonomy and independence, but has financial obligations to pay back to their manufacturer.
- [[MATERIAL/ELEMENT/EL000024\|Bangkok Rail Link]] — EL000024 ↑⁰ \- ×<br>Bangkok Rail Link (based on Bangkok Mass Transit System) — colloquially referred to as "BRL" or "rail link" is an elevated public transport metro line that serves in Bangkok metropolitan area.
- [[MATERIAL/ELEMENT/EL000026\|RETAiL World]] — EL000026 ↑⁰ \- ×<br>RETAiL World (based on Central wOrld) is a shopping mall catered for hyper-modern lifestyle and latest trends — focusing on events, activities, entertainment, exhibitions, along with their usual array of food, fashions, and tech.
- [[MATERIAL/ELEMENT/EL000037\|MPT Blue-Orange Line Soft Opening Announcement]] — EL000037 ↑¹ \- ×<br>A video announcement of MPT Blue-Orange Line, launched in 2182 with free access until year-end, connects southeastern Bangkok districts to outer Samut Prakan zones.
- [[MATERIAL/ELEMENT/EL000042\|Vin's Initial Adjustment 2]] — EL000042 ↑⁰ \- ×<br>A military security team and Vin having a social gathering moment at a restaurant & bar, with Vin himself trying out more beer and reflecting on his thoughts of his new android body.
- [[MATERIAL/ELEMENT/EL000047\|Vin's Grave Respects]] — EL000047 ↑² 05/07/25<br>Alone at midnight, Vin visited a cemetery alone to mourn and pay respects to the grave of his previous dead self — not exactly sure how he should feel nor process this moment.
- [[MATERIAL/ELEMENT/EL000052\|Vin's & Ella's Doubts]] — EL000052 ↑⁰ \-<br>Dual perspective of Vin trying to deflect his mentions during his football training game, and Ella momentarily hearing Vin's name during her supermarket resupplying trip.
- [[MATERIAL/ELEMENT/EL000055\|Ella's Lake Reminiscence]] — EL000055 ↑² \-<br>Alone at afternoon, Ella visited a lake to meditate and recollect in her memories of her deceased lover — sitting in silence at a spot where both used to frequent.
- [[MATERIAL/ELEMENT/EL000060\|Avian Intelligence Adaptation]] — EL000060 ↑⁰  ×<br>Theory on how birds—parrots/parakeets, crows/ravens, and pigeons/sparrows adapted to the modern urban ecosystem, thriving in food-scarce, navigationally-complex environments. Notable observations are as follows: parrots engage in advanced social interactions—crows demonstrate problem-solving skills—pigeons collaborate in large flocks, although they shy away from humans.
- [[MATERIAL/ELEMENT/EL000061\|Thailand Culture and Society]] — EL000061 ↑¹  ×<br>\-

{ .block-language-dataview}
